README.md, before:

*Note: This is a Request for Information (RFI) only. This is not a Request for Quote (RFQ), Request for Proposal (RFP), or any other type of request for an offer. This is a market research function and does not represent a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or award a contract.*

# Data Analytics: Advanced Analytics for the OCDO

## How to respond to this RFI

Anyone interested in responding to this RFI with feedback on our [draft RFQ](draft-RFQ.PDF) is encouraged to complete [this form](https://forms.gle/DgDQNA9WdH3QthHo9).

**Responses are due no later than May 31, 2019 at noon, eastern.**

We cannot commit to considering anything sent to us after the deadline above or sent via any other medium.

## Background

The mission of the [Centers of Excellence](https://coe.gsa.gov/) (CoE), housed within the [General Services Administration](https://gsa.gov) (GSA), is to accelerate Information Technology (IT) modernization, improve the public experience, and reduce legacy IT spending across the Government. CoE accomplishes this by centralizing top government tech talent, leveraging private-sector best practices, and operating with a teaming mindset across Government departments and agencies. To better align with the dynamic effects of such a transformation, CoE provides agency partners with a shared service solution for professional services.

At the [U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development](https://www.hud.gov/) (HUD), the Data Analytics CoE was tasked to define the analytics outcomes and priorities while assessing existing data, tools, and systems used by HUD programs and offices. HUD also required the development of a strategy for analytics transformation that includes data governance, data management, and use cases for artificial intelligence technologies.

## Purpose

HUD has a need to integrate Advanced Analytics techniques such as Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Robotic Process Automation, and Geospatial Analytics with HUD’s technical infrastructure and data to solve high priority issues. The team performing this work must validate certain use cases, gather and analyze data related to those use cases, develop a prototype, operationalize their prototype, and iterate and improve upon the design.

This must be achieved in a manner that will utilize the data governance standards, policies, and procedures established by the Office of the Chief Data Officer in order to bring an enhanced analytical basis to HUD's decision making. Additionally, complex model outputs must be simplified into user-friendly reporting and visualization for multiple types of users.

Commit message:

Update README and add Draft RFQ files
Changes made include:

* Update Draft RFQ link in README
* Add artifacts

README.md, after:

*Note: This is a Request for Information (RFI) only. This is not a Request for Quote (RFQ), Request for Proposal (RFP), or any other type of request for an offer. This is a market research function and does not represent a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or award a contract.*

# Data Analytics: Advanced Analytics for the OCDO

## How to respond to this RFI

Anyone interested in responding to this RFI with feedback on our [Draft RFQ](Draft-RFQ.PDF) is encouraged to complete [this form](https://forms.gle/DgDQNA9WdH3QthHo9). Please remember to review any artifacts in the repository as well - we'd like your feedback on everything!

**Responses are due no later than May 31, 2019 at noon, eastern.**

We cannot commit to considering anything sent to us after the deadline above or sent via any other medium.

## Background

The mission of the [Centers of Excellence](https://coe.gsa.gov/) (CoE), housed within the [General Services Administration](https://gsa.gov) (GSA), is to accelerate Information Technology (IT) modernization, improve the public experience, and reduce legacy IT spending across the Government. CoE accomplishes this by centralizing top government tech talent, leveraging private-sector best practices, and operating with a teaming mindset across Government departments and agencies. To better align with the dynamic effects of such a transformation, CoE provides agency partners with a shared service solution for professional services.

At the [U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development](https://www.hud.gov/) (HUD), the Data Analytics CoE was tasked to define the analytics outcomes and priorities while assessing existing data, tools, and systems used by HUD programs and offices. HUD also required the development of a strategy for analytics transformation that includes data governance, data management, and use cases for artificial intelligence technologies.

## Purpose

HUD has a need to integrate Advanced Analytics techniques such as Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Robotic Process Automation, and Geospatial Analytics with HUD’s technical infrastructure and data to solve high priority issues. The team performing this work must validate certain use cases, gather and analyze data related to those use cases, develop a prototype, operationalize their prototype, and iterate and improve upon the design.

This must be achieved in a manner that will utilize the data governance standards, policies, and procedures established by the Office of the Chief Data Officer in order to bring an enhanced analytical basis to HUD's decision making. Additionally, complex model outputs must be simplified into user-friendly reporting and visualization for multiple types of users.
